[MUSIC]
>> Off Camera 1: There's another question
on what the best way to go about
debugging these jsbin examples is.
Whether there's an easy way to
step through them or something.
>> Joe Nelson: Jsbin has
been a little bit confusing,
both in the order of the listings And
evaluates them.
So, if I drop a debugger
in these things I can try.
I can use JavaSvript debugger, I suppose.
>> Off Camera 2: You know what
you should do though real quick?
Is show them the log.
You just drop that in
the middle of compose.
>> Joe Nelson: Sure, I need to define it.
Some of the built in browser
objects can't be composed for
some reason you try and treat them as real
objects ,they say illegal in locations.
So we have to make a wrapper for
log equals function X.
We say console dialogue X.
And we say return X.
That way it can be composed to
be put in a composition chain.
The last thing it does is return whatever
was given to it so we can say in here.
It's kind of cool is
putting up a composition.
>> Off Camera 1: I think you
might need to run it again.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay,
in that case I better copy this.
>> Joe Nelson: It worked,
okay so there's that guy, no.
>> Joe Nelson: Get title.
>> Joe Nelson: We put a log
in there in between and head
>> Off Camera 1: And a dot on head.
I sort out that head problem for
the header.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah.
So now,
it printed out everything sucks, and
it also printed out the object,
cuz it logged it on its way through.
>> Off Camera 1: One thing I use with
compose a lot, is if you define that as
first title and don't call it right away.
You can compose that with something else,
right?
>> Joe Nelson: Help isn't working.
So, you're saying call this first title?
>> Off Camera 1: Yeah.
>> Joe Nelson: With the log and the head.
>> Off Camera 1: So, now we've got
our first title, and so, let's say,
first title, and
then is there there are a [INAUDIBLE]?
Its a good stream function.
[LAUGH]
>> Joe Nelson: LIke uppercase?
>> Off Camera 1: Yeah, or something.
>> Joe Nelson: It's just.
>> Off Camera 1: Or how about,
I wonder if head will work?
>> Joe Nelson: Probably because the head
of the string is possibly like the list.
[LAUGH].
It's first letter.
Okay.
>> Off Camera 1: Yeah.
First letter of the first title.
>> Joe Nelson: This one
is called ahead again.
>> Off Camera 2: An so
[INAUDIBLE] underscore.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, thanks.
>> Off Camera 1: So you see there though
it's defined that as first letter, right?
So the first title and
had his first letter.
That's good.
>> Joe Nelson: Oops.
No, it doesn't and
then up fails to work out, it evaluates.
>> Off Camera 1: This is a bad example
what I'm trying to get at is you're
building a grammar of
functions that you're naming.
So I can compose first title and
maybe HTML out of that, make the headers.
So I'm gonna grab the first title and
then I'm gonna compose that header and
make that drop page.
So it's drop page,
is just the composition of first title and
make header or whatever make H1.
And the whole point of that is,
you end up with this English that
you're reading as your program.
So, if you did it on the left
side it would be a lot clearer,
you'd be able to make your
grammar in a couple functions and
then use your grammar when
you actually run your app.
It's like you're programming with DSLs,
without knowing it.
Do your have questions about that?
I think it's awesome.
>> Joe Nelson: I think the biggest thing.
You also have gram dots and
looking at the arrays and stuff.
But the real thing comes with taking
these functions and putting them all,
the five or
six types of containers [INAUDIBLE].
Which will become really cool and clear.
>> Off Camera 1: But, if you see if you
see any my controllers in a standard app,
I'll bring one up.
It's just this function, that function
they're all just specifically named.
This is going to do this,
this going to do that, it's gonna do that.
And then at the bottom,
you've just got the composition of
maybe get from DB and put on page.
And ask the user what they want.
And it's like, I see it.
It just reads right to left.
I don't know much either but.
[LAUGH]
I feel like it pushes you into
this really high level style where
you just writing what should happen.
And it keeps you on the same level
of abstraction pretty easily.
Cuz, you want your sentence to
be like do this, then that.
Okay, those are the three
things that make my page.
And then above it and
we'll see in the demo.
We'll see that pretty clearly.
>> Joe Nelson: Someone once told me
that at Pivotal Labs they use test
driven development not just because
they're worried about the correctness.
But because it amplifies the pain you
feel by doing certain things wrong.
If you're doing unit test.
So doing the style may amplify a way
that would be less beneficial.
Amplify the pain of doing it that way.
>> Off Camera 1: That's a good design
technique for API design technique.
You can do TDD.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, right.